Release v0.5.2 (#182)
ASFHyP3/asf-tools: CHANGELOG.md

and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.5.2]

> ### FIXED
> * Fix datatype bug in `asf-tools.flood_map` that caused `flood_mask` to be written incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
* Fixed incorrect datatype being set for `flood_mask` GeoTIFFs leading to missing nodata.
```
